Spacecraft supports several commands for building and management. See [[User Ranks]] for more information on ranks.

h1. Guest Commands
* /clear - Clear the chat log of the user
* /go - Teleport to a landmark.
* /help - Get general help, a list of commands, or help on a specific command
* /me - Third-person roleplay-like actions ( * Bob uses magic!)
* /rules - Show the server rules.
* /staff - Displays a list of all the server's staff.

h1. Builder Commands
* /mark - Create a landmark.
* /paint - Toggle painting mode. In painting mode, removes turn into places.
* /teleport - Teleport to a player.
* /tp - Teleport to a player.
* /whois - Get information on a user.

h1. Mod Commands
* /ban - Ban a user of lesser rank.
* /bring - Teleport a player to you.
* /broadcast - Broadcast a message in yellow text.
* /builder - Set a user of lesser rank to Builder.
* /conwiz - What does /conwiz do? What DOESN'T it do?
* /dehydrate - Remove all active water and lava from the map.
* /diag - Display some diagnostic information on physics and server usage.
* /diagnostics - Display some diagnostic information on physics and server usage.
* /guest - Set a user of lesser rank to Guest.
* /kick - Kick a player.
* /mob - Spawn an AI mob (unimplemented).
* /physics - Get or change physics status.
* /place - Place certain special blocks.
* /rerank - Refresh the rank database
* /resend - Resend the map for testing purposes (unimplemented).
* /rmmark - Remove a landmark.
* /say - Broadcast a message in yellow text.
* /summon - Teleport a player to you.
* /unban - Set a user of lesser rank to Guest.

h1. Admin Commands
* /config - View raw server configuration (possibly edit, later).
* /convert - Replace one block with another within a radius (/convert original new)
* /exit - Gracefully shut down the server
* /mod - Set a user of lesser rank to Mod.
* /save - Saves the current map to disk.
* /setspawn - Set the map's global spawn point
* /tcl - Execute Tcl code.

